What type of movies you like the most ? What is your basic requirement for a good movie?

Our answers are quite diifferent. To me, watching movie is a mere entertainment, so I hate to load my brain during the movie. Sci-fi and action movies often feature their special effects and the supernatural ability of the characters, lacking serious issues. Furthermore, not like suspense movies, their stories, most of the time, are quite easy to understand, most of which are subject to the “Hollywood model”. They cause no burden during watching, so they become my favorite types. However, others have opposite opinions to me. They see watching a movie as a learning process. They prefer the movies with serious issues, so that after it, you could have more discussions or even reflections. Ironic movies, drama films are therefore on their lists.

Our discussing also includes soundtracks. We all agree that a well-designed background music will help viewers get involved in the story. One of us is especially fond of the background music in suspense films. I`m very curious about his reason: is because the movie reappear during listening or he just enjoys the thrilling feeling that the music gives him? He said it the latter, which quite shocks me.

We later talked about the movies originating from a novel. We agree that it’s a quick way to go through a story if you are too lazy to read the book. However, only few of us would go back to the book after watching. The reason is quite straightforward: knowing the story, there is no need to read the book. I think this is a phenomenon that we should be concerned with. To fulfill the public tastes or to shorten the story into a two-hour film, scenarios are often revised, which could cause misunderstanding. If we don’t go back to its book, then the misunderstanding could never be resolved. Bluntly speaking, the movie then will destroy the story.

At the end, we switch to musicals. Les Misérables, surprisingly, is one of the favorite musical of all of us. We may not understand the lyrics during the song playing, but the music is already enough to move us. 歌仔戲, which I see as Chinese musical, is ignored by us for a long time. Lack of education in early days, none of us know how to appreciate it, which, I think, is great loss for our culture.
