Q1: Name a famous or influential figure who has inspired you. 
Describe this person and say why he/she has been inspirational to you.

A1: The four of us have mentioned Dad, Michael Faraday, Gordon Ramsay, and a cousin.
It is quite a coincidence that we all admire hard-working people.
I talked about Gordon Ramsay, describing him as a chef who learned and worked real hard to become what he is now.
He has a bad temper, yelling at cooks who failed handling the cooking tasks in the US TV series Hell's Kitchen.
But that's only because he really loves what he does and he is so enthusiastic about it.
He inspires me to really love what I do and do my best.


Q2: Name a place in your country you would recommend others to visit. 
Describe this place and explain why you would recommend it.

A2: We mentioned widely different places in Taiwan, and we talked about how we like it, 
whether it's the people or the scenery.
I talked about a rather smaller place - Rebirth Cafe on Wenzou Street.
It's a kinda rustic place before but recently a film called "六弄咖啡館" is gonna be shot there, 
and so the crew redecorated both the interior and the exterior and paid for it 100%.
The reason why this place is recommended is that the cook, Kevin, goes to the Taipei Central Market
to collect the freshest ingredients 3am in the morning everyday. Fish, meat, vegitables. It is a value that
is rarely seen elsewhere, and so I really recommend people going there and enjoy the food there.
That Kevin is friendly and I've been learning with him to cook for almost half a year is also a reason:P


Q3: Express your opinions about KP (柯文哲) and about how Taipei and probably Taiwan are different 100 days
after his inauguration on Dec. 25, 2014.

A3: We all agree that KP is bringing a change into the government, creating a image about efficiency, resolution
and reponsibility. We discussed about how the government officials are paid steadily and so performance isn't 
really an issue to them. We questioned the laws and the higher officials that control the salaries of the governors.
We had a consensus on the difficulty to change the whole monstrous system entirely because it is people's nature to
be lazy and do the least they're asked. Bureaucracy is there for a long long time.
Yet we also had a few doubts about KP's style of managing the government.
Utilitarianism has a lot of problems. Policies based on calculations have flaws since many important things, humanity and
entitlements just to name a few, simply can't be calculated. But KP seems to ignore them, or at least most of the time 
arrives at conclusions too early. KP is also a result-oriented person, who desparately wants to bring the working ethic
and procedures in operating rooms and private sector into public sector. Saving a life and maximize company's profit are
straight-forward goals, but in public sector the situation is far more complicated. Despite all these comments, we are 
still glad about how KP has changed Taipei, and hopefully he would improve himself over time and truly reshape Taipei 
and Taiwan in all aspects.













